All right and here we go for the next step of our general framework in the that's in capital letters
the next step is to get the next state and the next date for a specific case that he is composed of
first the number of users.
Second the rate of data transmission.
And third the surface temperature when there is the AI.
So that's exactly what we have to do in this new gen step of the general framework to get that next
date after of course the AI plays an action at this specific time when we have to date our environment.
So let's do this.
And first we're going to get the atmospheric temperature because we will need it to compute the delta
of intrinsic temperature because indeed assumption one says that the intrinsic temperature of the server
is the atmospheric temperature plus one point twenty five number of users plus one point twenty five
the rate of data.
So we'll get that first that will allow us to get the intrinsic temperature then we'll get the number
of users and the rate of data to get the first elements of the state.
And then you know we'll get the temperature change course by the AI which will allow us to get the new
surface temperature when we have to.
And in the end we'll get the new surface temperature when we have no AI in that separate simulation.
All right so let's deal with the atmospheric temperature.
So remember that we have a void well for that which is right here.
Self-edit atmospheric temperature.
So I'm copying this and I'm going to base that here to get its value and what it's going to be its value
Well that's simple.
We're going to get of course again our list of monthly atmospheric temperatures and because among the
arguments of our update environment function we have the month Well that's how we're going to get the
atmospheric temperature by getting the elements of the next month because this is just the index of
the month in the year of our monthly atmospheric temperature is just right and that's it.
We got our atmospheric temperature the current one at that specific time because at that specific time
we were in a specific month and we only need two months to get that atmospheric temperature.
All right so now let's get the number of users the new one.
So good question.
What is going to be that new number of users.
Well that's when we had to make a simulation.
That's where the real simulation takes place.
And you know the common part of the two separate simulations when we have the AI and when we have no
AI.
And so how are we going to make that simulation.
Well first let's get the current number of users which is one of our viable self that are a number of
users.
And that's a date it's new value.
So how are you going to simulate the fluctuation of number of users.
Well we're going to take the old number of users that is just before the date.
And to this all number of users we're going to add well the fluctuation of the number of users happening
at that specific iteration.
And so that's when we simulate exactly that tuition to simulate this with tuition we're going to take
none by then we're going to take the random module of them by and from this from the module we're going
to take the rand int function because indeed to this current number of users we're going to add an integer
between two bounds.
The lower bound which will be minus the maximum update of users that is minus 5 and the upper bound
which will be plus the maximum date of users which is plus 5.
So that will get an update of the number of users which will just increase or decrease by a certain
number between 0 and 5.
All right.
That's how we can simulate the fluctuation of number of users.
That's a simple simulation but let's not make it too complicated so that we can focus the maximum energy
on the AI framework.
All right so that's why the lower bound here is going to be minus that self max of that users and the
upper bound is going to be that self plus self Max that users.
OK good.
But now we have to be careful with something I remind that there is a maximum authorized number of users
which is 100.
And also there is a minimum authorized number of uses which is done.
So since we've just updated the current number of years well maybe this new number of users after the
update will be either below the minimum number of users of 10 or above the maximum number of users of
100.
So we have to make sure this doesn't happen and if that happens we'll just bring it back to the Close's
bound.
So we're going to make two if conditions now one that will check if the self current number of users
that was just updated.
So I'm getting this variable here.
If that new number of users is larger than in fact the maximum number of users going by self the max
number of users of 100.
So if the new number of users is larger than the maximum number of users Well what will happen.
Well very simply what will happen is that we will update again our new number of users to sell equal
to that maximum number of users because we don't want to go over 100 that maximum number of users.
All right so that's where this first condition.
And now second condition Elif this time that new number of users that we've just updated and I'm also
going to get this because you're going to see that we can do it efficiently if that new number of users
is this time below the minimum number of users.
Well in that case what will happen.
Well again we can take this what will happen is that we'll have to update again our current number of
users which this time will be equal to the men number of users.
Right.
We don't want it to go below the minimum number of users so we're bringing it back up to the minimum
number of users.
Perfect.
We updated correctly.
The very first element of our state.
And now let's take care of the second one.
That is the second element of our state which is the rate of data transmission and in fact we're going
to follow the same process as what we did here.
So I'm just going to copy on this so we can be efficient and then I'm just going to replace all you
know the numbers here by rate and uses year by data and to do this we can press command control plus
are to do some replacement.
And so as we just said to be efficient we're going to replace all the numbers here just with a section
will pay attention to that by rate.
So here we go.
Let's start with this one.
Replacing number by rate here here here here here here here and here and now we're going to replace
all the users by data and starting with this one.
So here we go replace replace replace replace replace replace replace replace replace and replace.
And now we should be ready.
That is this should be the correct update of the rate of data.
Let's check it out quickly.
I'm going to close this.
So the new current rate of data at the beginning you know not checking anything is going to be increased
by this random fluctuation of the current rate of data which is going to be a rate between minus maximum
the update of data and plus maximum the date of data.
And we do this random fluctuation with the same Rand int function which will return an integer in this
range.
Perfect.
But then if this new rate of data that we've just updated goes above the maximum authorized rate of
data well we'll bring it back down to that maximum rate of data.
And same with the new rate of data that we've just have that it goes below the minimum authorized rate
of data.
Well we'll bring that back up to that minimum rate of data I seem to have forgotten to make that final
replacement here.
Here we go.
Minimum rate of data and now perfect.
Everything seems all good.
Not only we got our atmospheric temperature but also we got the new number of juices which is the first
element of our state and we got the new rate of data which is the second element of our state.
And thanks to these three elements.
Well we can now compute the new intrinsic temperature of which the formula that is given by Sumption
1.
And that's exactly what will take care of in the next tutorial.
Until then enjoy a.